Correct unclear description in feature-online-ddl (#887)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/feature-online-ddl.md

## Overview

> DDL statements are always used in the database applications. MySQL 5.6 and later versions support `online-ddl` feature, but there are limitations for usage. For example, to acquire the MDL lock, some DDLs still need tables to be copied. In production scenarios, the table lock during DDL execution can block the reads or writes to and from the database to a certain extent.

Author: ```suggestion
DDL statements are always used in database applications. MySQL 5.6 and later versions support the `online-ddl` feature, but there are limitations. For example, DDL execution sometimes acquires an MDL lock, resulting in table lock that can block reads or writes to and from a database to a certain extent in production scenarios. In other cases, some DDLs copy the whole table and this affects overall database performance.
```

> DDL statements are always used in database applications. MySQL 5.6 and later versions support the `online-ddl` feature, but there are limitations. For example, DDL execution sometimes acquires an MDL lock, resulting in table lock that can block reads or writes to and from a database to a certain extent in production scenarios. In other cases, some DDLs copy the whole table and this affects overall database performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DDL statements are always used in database applications. MySQL 5.6 and later versions support the `online-ddl` feature, but there are limitations. For example, DDL execution sometimes acquires an MDL lock, resulting in a table lock that can block reads or writes to and from a database to a certain extent in production scenarios. In other cases, some DDLs copy the whole table and this affects overall database performance.
```
